Amp video iframe doc (#26975)
ampproject/amphtml: extensions/amp-video-iframe/amp-video-iframe.md

</amp-video-iframe>
```

The `src` attribute points to `my-video-player.html`, the inner document loaded inside the iframe. This document plays the video. It must include and bootstrap an [integration script](../../spec/amp-video-interface.md). The integration script allows `<amp-video-iframe>` to coordinate the video's playback.

The `<amp-video-iframe>` component differs from [`<amp-iframe>`](../amp-iframe/amp-iframe.md) and non-AMP iframeas in the following ways:

- `<amp-video-iframe>` implements all [video features](../../spec/amp-video-interface.md). Features include but are not limited to autoplay, minimize-to-corner and rotate-to-fullscreen.
- `<amp-video-iframe>` must request resources via HTTPS.
- `<amp-video-iframe>` is not scrollable.
- `<amp-video-iframe>` enforces sandboxing to itself and child iframes. This discourages misuse of <amp-video-iframe> as a means for advertising. 

### Video player integration

> The `<amp-video-iframe>` component requires the embedded html document to include the [video-iframe-integration library](../../src/video-iframe-integration.js). The library is separate from the component's required script. This is because the embedded html document is non-AMP and iframed.

Author: I added some clarification. But I just wanted people to know where to find it instead of just saying "import this library you know nothing about". I'm sure most people don't really care... but I can reword it again if the update is still problematic

```html

> <script

Author: done

</script>
```

Provide a callback that specifies how the AMP document and the iframes video document communicate. You must implement a set of playback methods and event dispatchers to sync the documents together. Implement support by:

- Using an existing [third party provided readymade integration](#third-party-readymade-integrations).
- Writing a [custom integration](#custom-integrations) if your solution doesn't use supported tools.
- [Contributing a third party integration](#contributing-a-third-party-integration) for future use.  

#### Third party readymade integrations

Third party video frameworks contributed their integrations for use with `<amp-video-iframe>`.

##### [JwPlayer](https://developer.jwplayer.com/jwplayer/docs)

Pass your [`jwplayer` instance object](https://developer.jwplayer.com/jw-player/docs/javascript-api-reference/)

> through the signature `amp.listenTo('jwplayer', myJwplayer)`. The `amp` object sets up the player through the instance API.

Reviewer: After #26969, the second argument here is optional:

```suggestion
The `amp` object sets up a [JwPlayer instance](https://developer.jwplayer.com/jw-player/docs/javascript-api-reference/) by using `listenTo('jwplayer')`. If you're embedding your player using a video-specific script, you only need to register for Jwplayer usage:

```html
<script src="https://cdn.jwplayer.com/players/UVQWMA4o-kGWxh33Q.js"></script>
<script>
  (window.AmpVideoIframe = window.AmpVideoIframe || []).push(amp => {
    amp.listenTo('jwplayer');
  });
</script>
Otherwise, pass in your JwPlayer instance through the signature amp.listenTo('jwplayer', instance):

```js
(window.AmpVideoIframe = window.AmpVideoIframe || []).push(amp => {
  amp.listenTo('jwplayer', jwplayer('my-video'));
});
```

```

`listenTo` initializes the Video.js instance on the `<video>` element if required. This uses the global `videojs` function by default. If your page provides the initializer differently, you must pass it in as the third argument:

```js
(window.AmpVideoIframe = window.AmpVideoIframe || []).push(amp => {
  // Initializes player using `myVideojsInitializer(myVideo)`
  const myVideo = document.querySelector('#my-video');
  amp.listenTo('videojs', myVideo, myVideojsInitializer);
});
}
```

Default supported events: 

- `canplay`
- `ended`
- `muted`
- `pause`
- `playing`
- `unmuted`

Default supported methods: 

- `fullscreenenter`
- `fullscreenexit`
- `hidecontrols`
- `mute`
- `pause`
- `play`
- `showcontrols`
- `unmute`

#### Custom integrations

You can create a custom implementation for your solution to communicate with `<amp-video-iframe>`. 

The following communication methods are available:

- [`method`](#method) to control playback.
- [`postEvent`](#postEvent) to inform the host document about playback events.
- [`getIntersection`](#getIntersection) to get video's viewability on the host document.

> - [`getMetadata`](#getMetadata) to get information about the host document.

Author: done!

- `fullscreenenter`
- `fullscreenexit`

> Enabling playback [actions](https://amp.dev/documentation/guides-and-tutorials/learn/amp-actions-and-events/) require the `play` and `pause` methods. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling playback [actions](https://amp.dev/documentation/guides-and-tutorials/learn/amp-actions-and-events/#video-elements) require specific methods:

- `element.play`: `method('play', ...)`
- `element.pause`: `method('pause', ...)`
- `element.mute`: `method('mute', ...)`
- `element.unmute`: `method('unmute', ...)`
- `element.fullscreen`: `method('fullscreenenter', ...)`
```

I dislike that we need a mapping table only because `fullscreen` is different from `fullscreenenter`. Alternatively we can alias `fullscreenenter` to `fullscreen` on the `amp-video-iframe` implementation. I'd be happy to create consistency between action and method names so we can avoid the table altogether.

Use of `autoplay` requires `play`, `pause`, `mute` and `unmute`.

When minimizing the video to the corner, it displays a custom controls overlay. Use `showcontrols` and `hidecontrols` for the best possible user experience and avoid showing two sets of controls. 

Allow users to enter and exit fullscreen viewing by enabling `fullscreenenter` and `fullscreenexit`.

##### <a name="postEvent"></a> `postEvent(name)`

Posts a playback event to the frame. For example:

> 

Reviewer: For JS consistency below as well:
```js
myVideoElement.addEventListener('pause', () => {
  amp.postEvent('pause');
});
```

### `poster`

Points to an image URL. The `<amp-video-iframe>` component displays this image while the video loads.

### `autoplay` (optional)

Adding this attribute plays the video automatically, in supported browsers, when it is visible to the user. You must meet the conditions outlined in the [Video in AMP spec](../..//spec/amp-video-interface.md#autoplay). 

### `dock` (optional)

Adding this attribute minimizes and fixes a manually played video to the corner of the screen, or specified element, as the user scrolls. 

This behavior requires dual use of the [`<amp-video-docking>`](../amp-video-docking/amp-video-docking.md) component. 

### `implements-media-session` (optional)

Include the `implements-media-session` attribute if the document inside the iframe implements the [MediaSession API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Media_Session_API) independently.

### `implements-rotate-to-fullscreen` (optional)

> Include the `mplements-rotate-to-fullscreen` attribute if the document inside the iframe implements rotate-to-fullscreen independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include the `implements-rotate-to-fullscreen` attribute if the document inside the iframe implements rotate-to-fullscreen independently.
```

We also need to mention the [`rotate-to-fullscreen` attribute](https://amp.dev/documentation/components/amp-video/#attributes) itself.

### `referrerpolicy` (optional)

Use the `referrerpolicy` attribute to set a [referrerpolicy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLIFrameElement/referrerPolicy) on the iframe element.

### `data-param-*` (optional)

> The `data-param-*` attributes are added as query parameters to the iframe's `src`. They may be used to pass custom values through to the player document.

Reviewer: I originally missed mentioning `poster`:

```suggestion
The `data-param-*` attributes are added as query parameters to the `src` attributes of the `iframe` and the `poster` image. They may be used to pass custom values through to the player document.
```
